What's going on?
How could it go up so fast?
Night market group wealth has broken through 4 trillion
50,000 wait
60,000 no no no
It's too fast, it's too late to report
It's only been a few minutes.
Assets of Night Market
The market value has entered the top ten in the world
Top nine top eight
Too fast, too fast.
I can't keep up with his ascent
This is inhumane.
This is inhumane
This is a miserable soul
That's unreasonable!
And just now, I was ignoring him.
It's turning against the wind now
This is not a turnaround.
It's called the power room.
I told you before.
Within 5 minutes, the night market group skyrocketed a hundredfold
Now.
Five minutes is up.
Owner, you really did it.
Just one sentence.
Let the world capital pour in like crazy
Funding the night market
I have been running night markets for so many years
It's the first time I've seen it.
It really opened my eyes, the so-called capital
It's just a numbers party.
Only true interpretation
Only a daughter doesn't change four a day
Really successful
I still want to take one day and four days a year
What about the five-time group?
Oops Ye Rulong
Zhang Beifeng has happened so far
What else do you two have to say?